Section A:
 		
1.Create directory of your name and then create 4 files inside it
a.txt, b.txt, c.txt and d.sh. And change the directory permission to
only user and also files permission to only user such that

commands : 
mkdir sumit
chmod 777 sumit
cd sumit
touch a.txt b.txt c.txt d.sh

a)user can read and write the file a.txt and b.txt

commands :
chmod 600 a.txt
chmod 600 b.txt


 
b)user can write the file c.txt

chmod 200 c.txt

c)user can exectuable the file d.sh. 

commands: 
chmod 100 d.sh

Make Contents of file d.sh:
#/bin/sh
ls -lh

2.Change the permission of the previous directory to executable only.
Analyze the output.

3.Change the permission of the previous directory to read only.
Analyze the output.

4.Use echo to list the all files of your home directory.

5.Use echo to list the all files of /etc/ directory

6.Use echo to list the all files of /etc/ directory with extension name .conf

7.Use echo to append your name to a.txt

8.Use echo to list the files of /proc/


Section B:

1.Write a program to find sum and product of two no.s using a) expr b) let c) bc

2.Write a program to perform floating point division

3.Write a program to print calendar of current month in next year,previous years.
For eg:- sep 2014,sep 2012 if current month is sep 2013

4.Write a program to check whether given no.is even or odd

5.___________

a) Write a script to find biggest of three no.s
b) To find avg of 3 no.s, read no.s from keyboard

6.Write a script to check type of a traingle.Sides of the triangle should be
provided as command line arguments.

7. Write a script to print day of the week using a) elif b) case

8.To check given year is leap or not

Section C:

1.Write a script to perform the following
a) To count no.of processes which are running or ready in the system (Hint:- ps -e
-o pid,ppid,cmd,stat, grep )
b) List out foreground processes running in the system (ps suffix + in the state for
the foreground processes)
c) List out all processes whose parent is init

2.Write a menu based script to perform following string operations
a) To find length of a string
c) Copying string
d) Concatenation of strings
e) Comparison of two strings
f) Reversing a string

3.Write a script to check whether given argument is a regular file or directory

4.To check given year is leap or not

5.Write a script to create 10 directories, say exam1,exam2,...,exam10 Report
error if a directory/file exists with same name.

6.Write a script to check each entry of a directory is a file or directory.
